---
title: FAQ
description: Frequently Asked Questions
---

# Frequently Asked Questions

## Big Top Theatre FAQs 

**Where will the Big Top Theatre be?**
The Big Top Theatre is in the grounds of Trinity Park. Full Address: Trinity Park, Felixstowe Rd, Ipswich IP3 8UH

**How do I find the Big Top Theatre**
Please enter Trinity Park via the Felixstowe Road entrance. There will be signage directing you to the car park and theatre from the entrance of Trinity Park. You can also use the "What3Words" location finder [///remaining.providing.clouds](https://what3words.com/remaining.providing.clouds) or Google Maps using the postcode [IP3 8UH](https://www.google.com/maps/place/Ipswich+IP3+8UH/).

**What are the parking arrangements at the Big Top Theatre?**
Ample free parking is available on-site, just a short walk from the Big Top. Accessible parking spaces are also available immediately opposite the foyer entrance of the Big Top Theatre. 

**Will the Big Top Theatre be warm?**
Yes, the Big Top Theatre is a cosy, heated venue. 

**What will the seating be like in the Big Top Theatre?**
The seating in the Big Top Theatre is tiered and stadium-style, ensuring a comfortable viewing experience for all. Additionally, cushioned seating is available in the central blocks for added comfort.

**Will the Big Top Theatre be accessible?**
Yes, the Big Top Theatre is fully accessible. Wheelchair-accessible seating is available, as well as step-free access to rows A and B. If you would like further information or to discuss any access needs, please email [boxoffice@coopjuniors.co.uk](mailto:boxoffice@coopjuniors.co.uk). 

**Are there toilet facilities at the Big Top Theatre?**
Yes, there are toilet facilities available at the Big Top Theatre, including accessible toilets.

**What time should I arrive for the performance?**
For the full experience arrive at least 30 minutes before the performance start time

**Can I purchase food and drinks at the Big Top Theatre?**
Hot and cold snacks and drinks are available in the foyer before the show. Expect hot dogs, fries, popcorn, candy floss, hot chocolate, mulled wine, a licensed bar and ice creams

## Performance FAQs

**How long is the performance?**
The performance lasts for about 85 minutes with no interval.

**What is the age recommendation for the show?**
While the show is recommended for ages 5 and above, all ages are welcome to attend. Please consider the duration of the show when bringing younger children. All children over the age of 2 will require a ticket. 

**What stage effects are used during the performance?**
The show features puppets, some large scale that will interact in the audience space. The show contains flashing lights, haze, fog, pyrotechnic effects and sound effects that will be loud at times.

**What happens if I arrive late?**
If you arrive late, you will be seated at the first opportunity. We will do our best to get you to the seats you have booked but you may be asked to sit elsewhere to avoid disrupting the performance.

**Can I leave during the performance and be readmitted?**
Yes, you may leave during the performance, but there may be a short delay upon reentry to avoid disrupting the performance. 

## Tickets FAQ

**How do I book a wheelchair accessible space?**
When you book a wheelchair accessible space, a free companion ticket will automatically be added to your booking. These companion seats are designated, reserved seats next to or behind the wheelchair space.

**How do I book tickets that meet my access requirements, if I do not require a wheelchair accessible space?**
Seats on rows A and B across the auditorium can be accessed step-free. We have also reserved a number of aisle seats for each performance. We offer a free companion ticket for each disabled ticket booked. Please email [boxoffice@coopjuniors.co.uk](mailto:boxoffice@coopjuniors.co.uk) who will be happy to support you to get booked into seats that meet your needs and issue you with you free companion ticket.

**Why do some seats have restricted views?**
Some seats have slightly restricted views due to being behind the king poles at the sides of the stage (they hold the tent up so they need to be there!)

**Does my child need a ticket?**
Yes, everyone ages 2 and above will require their own seat and ticket.

**Do you offer a group discount?**
For group bookings of 6 or more, please email: [boxoffice@coopjuniors.co.uk](mailto:boxoffice@coopjuniors.co.uk)  for information on group discounts.

**How will I receive my tickets?**
Your tickets will be sent via email as paperless tickets. You can show them on your phone, or if you prefer, you can print and bring them with you.

**Can I collect my tickets at the Big Top Theatre?**
No, we only offer paperless tickets, so please ensure you have them accessible on your phone when you arrive at the venue, or print them at home. 

**Can I purchase tickets at the performance?**
We recommend purchasing your tickets in advance to secure your seat, as booking may not be available at the Big Top Theatre. 

**Can I return or exchange my tickets?**
Unfortunately tickets are non refundable, however, we may be able to exchange your tickets for another performance. Please email [boxoffice@coopjuniors.co.uk](mailto:boxoffice@coopjuniors.co.uk) with your requests and we will do our best to accommodate you, subject to availability.

**What happens if I cannot attend or a performance is cancelled?**
If you are unable to attend the event or if the performance is cancelled, please refer to the terms and conditions on our website for on our policies regarding refunds, exchanges, or rescheduling due to unforeseen circumstances. Please note our box office volunteers will aim to get back to you within 72 hours.