---
title: Privacy
---

## You and us

We are Co-op Juniors Theatre Productions Ltd, a charitable co-operative (“we” or “us”). We manage the data we hold on you (ie. we are the data controller). Our contact details are below.

This notice is for users of our website, members of our mailing list and audience members (“you”). Our website may link to other websites that we do not control; the information below applies only our website.

You may also have another relationship with us, such as being a performer of volunteer with the Co-op Juniors or a pupil at the Co-op Juniors Theatre Academy. If so, please read the other relevant information on our Privacy Portal.

## Information we collect

When you use our website or join our mailing list, we collect the following information about you:

- If you are a member of our mailing list: your name and email address
- If you message us via a contact us form: your name, email address and any information you provide in your communication
- Any other information that you provide when you communicate with us (be it by email, phone or post)
- Various anonymised information about your visit to our website (including the IP address from which you access our website)

We process certain information above when we have a legitimate interest in providing you information about our activities that we believe will be of interest to you. Whenever we process information for these purposes we will ensure we always focus on protecting your personal data rights. You have the right to object to this processing if you wish and can do so by contacting use using the details below.

The Co-op Juniors do not directly sell tickets for our productions. This is managed by the venues where we perform or via an intermediary. For more details on the information these organisations may collect, store and process, please visit their websites or speak to a member of staff at the relevant box office.

## How we use and share your information

We take your privacy seriously. We use your information to:

- Provide you with information on Co-op Juniors events, including future shows, if you join our mailing list
- Respond to any queries you submit to us
- Ensure our website is presented to you in the best way possible

We share information with Sender.net, a EU-based third-party data processor, to manage our mailing list. Sender.net may process data based on your reaction to or use of emails from us to enable us better prepare our communications. As an EU-based data processor for us, Sender.net is subject to the same data protection regulation as us. Your completed contact forms are passed to us via email, and we may communicate with you further via email.

We use Microsoft services for our email systems. Information on Microsoft’s privacy notice can be found here: [https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-gb/privacystatement](https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-gb/privacystatement)

**We do not sell, rent or make personal information commercial available to any third parties**

## How we protect your information and who has access to it

The information you provide us may be confidential. We keep this information secure.

The information is stored in encrypted digital form on our IT equipment or a secure cloud storage system (currently GoogleDrive). Further privacy information on GoogleDrive: [https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-GB&gl=uk](https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-GB&gl=uk)

We limit access to this information to our offices who need it to carry out their roles.

## Google Analytics
Our website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”), to better understand how you use our website.

Information about your use of our website (including your IP address) is generated by a cookie. This will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of our website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google.

Further information about Google’s privacy policy may be obtained from [http://www.google.com/privacy.html](http://www.google.com/privacy.html)

## Your rights and how you can find out about the personal data we hold on you

If you have opted-in to our mailing list, you have a right to opt-out. All our mailing list communications will include an ‘unsubscribe’ link. To opt-out please follow this and the subsequent instructions. You can also email us at [info@coopjuniors.co.uk](mailto:info@coopjuniors.co.uk) to opt-out of our mailing list. If you opt-out of our mailing list we will remove you from our mailing list and cease to contact you.

You have the right to ask for a copy of the information we hold about you. We want to make sure that your information is accurate and up to date. You may ask us to correct or remove any information that you think is no longer up to date. Please contact us using the contact details below if you would like any corrections made to your information.

You can contact us with a “Subject Access Request” if you want to ask us to provide you with any other information we hold about you. If you are interested in any particular aspects, specifying them will help us to provide you with what you need quickly and efficiently. We are required to provide this to you within one month. There is not usually a fee for this, though we can charge a reasonable fee based on the administrative cost of providing the information if a request is manifestly unfounded or excessive, or for requests for further copies of the same information.

You have the right to lodge a complaint about the processing of your data with the Information Commissioner’s Office

## Our contact information

Under the GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation) we do not have a statutory requirement to have a Data Protection Officer. The person who is responsible for ensuring that we discharge our obligations under the GDPR is our data protection lead.


If you have any questions about this Privacy Notice, or if you would like to contact us to exercise your rights as detailed above, you may contact us at  or via post at Co-op Juniors Theatre Productions Ltd, The Warehouse, Paul’s Road, Ipswich, Suffolk IP2 0AN

## Changes

We may change this privacy information from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This notice is effective from 14 June 2018.

v1.1